[Intro]
Hello. My name is Veraj Patel. I am a graphic designer and I am a part of Generation Adaptation, 2021.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
My favourite class was graphic define itself because
it taught me a lot about the industry itself and how it worked, as well
Graphic design taught graphic design class taught me how to, uh, become a better designer and look, and improve my skillset.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
Uh, personally, I would see myself working in a freelance industry or in a company itself.
I also had the idea of going back to school to get a, another business degree or another art degree to improve my skills, skillset itself, passions, hobbies.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
I am an avid video gamer. I also scurried the internet looking at. Odd. I think their information that I want to learn,
as well I do, I love memes glorious, glorious memes.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
I love Photoshop, in the past I used to work with Photoshop, learning about it,
but my skill and knowledge was minimal going into graphic design program,
I've learned more about it, about Photoshop itself then the four years I've worked with photoshop previously,
there's so much you can do with Photoshop itself.
[Outro]